restructure metrics and server-side sampling content (#5479)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/alert-types.mdx

### Performance

> For performance alerts, the data is based on [processed transaction events](/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties/#processed-event-properties) data is the default. If you make a selection in configuring your alert that's not metrics-compatible, then your alert will use indexed events, or event-based data, and a message saying this will be displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
For performance alerts, data based on [processed transaction events](/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties/#processed-event-properties) is the default. If you make a selection in configuring your alert that's not compatible with this type of data, then your alert will use indexed events, or event-based data, and a message saying this will be displayed.
```

<Note>

> Processed transaction data is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in our dynamic sampling limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).

Author: ```suggestion
Processed transactions data is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in our dynamic sampling limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```
